Ability to change log verbosity while the node is running (#799)
vechain/thor: docs/hosting-a-node.md

Telemetry plays a critical role in monitoring and managing blockchain nodes efficiently. 
Below is an overview of how metrics is integrated and utilized within our node systems.

> Metrics is not enabled in nodes by default. It's possible to enable it by setting  `--enable-metrics`.

Reviewer: just wonder if it should be is or are

Author: I would guess its the metrics server so thats why it was is?

Reviewer: probably question to @nwbrettski or someone else with better english understanding than mine 😆 just it was not feeling right for me, thats why wanted to double check

Reviewer 2: Suggest modifying it to be

Metrics are not enabled in nodes by default. You can enable them by setting --enable-metrics.

> Once enabled, a [prometheus](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/) server is available at `localhost:2112/metrics` with the metrics.

Reviewer 3: Let's avoid changing this in this PR

curl localhost:2112/metrics
```

Instrumentation is in a beta phase at this stage. You can read more about the metric types [here](https://prometheus.io/docs/concepts/metric_types/).

### Admin

> Admin is used to allow privilidged actions to the node by the administrator. Currently is supports changing the logger's verbosity at runtime.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Admin is used to allow privileged actions to the node by the administrator. Currently it supports changing the logger's verbosity at runtime.
```
